hey what's up everybody step by step
dance we got d-trix from the quest crew
here how you doing man good yeah you
feeling good today yeah yeah I come to
check out the show and seal what other
countries have taught us would you like
them up and just a few words
yes mam so hard you took off your
wristband teachers coming back in a
little bit you've been in Las Vegas a
few times right been debating screen
times was my first hip hop international
so I'm really excited so you're gonna
remember this trip right Oh totally w
remember me I don't usually maybe not
other times don't really go that crazy
in Vegas but I'm definitely goes good
stuff will tell me just a little bit
about how you got started dancing and
kind of where you took it from there
elysee februari 28 1999 was the first
time i started to hit the floor wanted
ladies so i thought i start flying
around and little did I know that didn't
work who's you beat that out yeah but
yeah just been dancing since then and a
loving life good stuff and tell me a
little bit about you know did you have a
crew before obviously before quest crew
yeah I was in a flexible flame which is
a new way through race Rock resume boot
camps for a little bit and I was with
quest come for years i'm now not in
either of those crews but i just hanging
out just represent ytf and tell me just
a little bit about your experience on
america's best dance crew this last
season um it was my first time judging
really I haven't been judging like
anything else is like my first time
judging ever and i'm being going through
these different TV shows such as sitting
against
exposed and screwed I kind of understood
how everything went and what it takes to
be able to run question we didn't really
show same knowing that what it took to
get there I can offer like you know I
can about Roland dancers on the stage I
can speak that way English so I think it
definitely helped both all those things
to help me dress good stuff what kind of
words of inspiration would you give to
young dancers or even dancers that are
over the number one thing to remember is
sacrifice don't sacrifice anything
they're never going to get what you want
be good at a bunch of things literally
going to be great at one minute she have
to sacrifice all those things work
school girlfriends boyfriends whatever
the case may be too you want to be so
you'll get that good stuff and what do
you got planned what's coming up soon uh
um youtube my life is YouTube that's all
I do yeah just just keep enough videos I
work with you I'm partnered with YouTube
and I just do now whole thing and
getting ready for ABDC season 28 hey
wait season 2 77 yeah holy crap I think
the next up yeah maybe AC season 7 this
is your boy d-trix I'm big shoutouts to
step by step dance